I want to retrace the historical record for when our great grand mother arrived to the US. Diane told me that she must have arrived through Angel Island, the immigration port in San Francisco, sometime between 1910 and 1930. I found out that the Berkeley Library has these records online at this website: http://vm154.lib.berkeley.edu:3001/searchcase/search 

If you type in a name in the Search box, it will pull up a list of records, which you can then click on to get information such as birth place and DOB... The thing is, there are a million ways that our great grandmother's name could have been mis/spelled by immigration officers, so  we're gonna have to try multiple spellings. I tried searching for some words but it's just really hard to sort through all this information on a webpage like that. To help me do the search, I'd like to export it to CSV / Excel format so I can easily sort / filter, etc. 

SO, I have 2 asks for you, if you are able / have time:
[12:20, 2/6/2022] China: 1) Could you search for the following words and then export all the results into a CSV / Excel file, where I could have the last name, middle name, first name, date of arrival, etc. as separate columns? The words to search for would be: "Jair", "Der", "Ching", "Chin", "Tsing", "Hong", "Fong", "Tan" and "Dea"

2) This might be a bit trickier and I'm not sure if this is possible without too much manual work: You'll see that if you search for a word and click on someone's last name, it pulls up a new page that has more information such as place of birth, DOB, Other remarks... Would it be possible to scrape that information as well, so we could have those extra columns in the final export?
[12:22, 2/6/2022] China: (basically each record has backup information if you click on it, and i would like to export the backup information as well) -- but no worries if that's not possible -- it would already be huge to get all the names exported without the backup info
[12:23, 2/6/2022] China: I want as much information as possible, so the more columns, the better